[DOCS-12837] Add monitor title/description guidelines (#33663)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/extend/integrations/create-an-integration-monitor-template.md

[Create and configure your monitor][5] within your partner developer organization. These monitors serve as reusable templates that integration users can enable directly in their own Datadog organizations.

> See the following best practices for your monitor template's title and description.

Reviewer: this may be redundant
```suggestion
```

<div class="alert alert-info">Well-written titles and descriptions help users understand whether a monitor is relevant to their environment. Follow these guidelines to create effective monitor templates.</div>

#### Write a title for your monitor template

> The title allows users to understand the underlying failure mode the alert is covering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The display name helps users understand the underlying failure mode the alert is covering.
```

- Use the active voice and start with an object followed by a verb. 
- Do not use template variables.

| Needs revision                                         | Better                                | Best                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| High Unacknowledged Messages reported on {{host.name}} | High Unacknowledged Messages reported | Unacknowledged Messages are higher than usual |

#### Write a description for your monitor template

> The description provides extra context around the failure mode and also about the impact this mode can have on the system. It should allow users to understand at a glance whether it is relevant or not for them to create a monitor out of it. The description should not be a copy of the title. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The description provides context about the failure mode and its impact on the system. It helps users decide whether to enable the monitor. The description should not be a copy of the display name.
```

> - Define the problem stated by the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define the problem stated by the display name.
```
